docs(conventions) : fix docs (#512)
Vonage/vivid-3: docs/conventions/readme.md

# Vivid Conventions

Please read the following conventions guidelines before starting to work on a new component:

## Template Guide

Use the new component generator to create a new component, and it will also generate the proper documentation structure:
`npx run nx g @vonage/nx-vivid:component my-component`

## Components Terminology

### CSS Class Names

- Use `.base` for the first element in the component.
- Use `.control` for the main form control such as input, buttons etc.
- Use kebab case.
- Our template is encapsulated, no need for the component name in the nested elements class-name (like `card-header`).

### Attribute Names

You should use kebab case for attribute names. Alternatively, you can use one of the following:

> - `heading` - for the head or main text in the component.
> - `sub-heading` - for the sub text in the component.

Reviewer: see: https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/pull/484
```suggestion
- `heading` - for the head or main ext with HTML heading tag
- `headline` - for the head or main text in the component.
- `sub-title` - for the sub text in the component.
```

# Vivid Conventions

Please read the following conventions guidelines before starting to work on a new component:

## Template Guide

Use the new component generator to create a new component, and it will also generate the proper documentation structure:
`npx run nx g @vonage/nx-vivid:component my-component`

## Components Terminology

### CSS Class Names

- Use `.base` for the first element in the component.
- Use `.control` for the main form control such as input, buttons etc.
- Use kebab case.

> - Our template is encapsulated, no need for the component name in the nested elements class-name (like `card-header`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Our template is encapsulated within the shadow DOM. There is no need to prefix class names. Instead of a class `card-header` just write `header`.
```
